 {'description':'Data & Applied Scientist Mgr in Microsoft :  Hire, develop and mentor a team of data scientists. Define data science priorities through a deep understanding of business goals. Collaborate across multiple groups to set the teams short-term and long-term goals. Act as a strategic advisor with leadership to influence future direction and strategy. Define partnership, alignment and efficacy of broad analytical efforts with other analytics/data teams. Drive participation in in the Data Science and BI communities and discipline at Microsoft.Prior experience in hiring, managing and running a team of data scientists Business Domain Experience using Analytics. Must have experience across several relevant business domains in the utilization of critical thinking skills to conceptualize complex business problems and their solutions using advanced analytics in large scale real-world business data sets. The candidate must be able to independently execute analytic projects and help our internal clients understand the findings and translate them into action to benefit their business. Experience in predictive modeling. Business problem definition and conceptual modeling with the client to elicit important relationships and to define the system scope Statistics/Econometrics. Exploratory data analytics for data types. Advanced statistical techniques to analyze structured and unstructured data. Time series analysis and implementation of forecasting models. Knowledge and experience in working with multi-dimensional data Communication and Collaboration Skills. Work independently and able to work with a virtual project team that will research innovative solutions to challenging business problems. Collaborate with teammates, apply critical thinking skills, and drive analytic projects end-to-end. Superior communication skills, both verbal and written. Visualization of analytic results in a form that is consumable by a diverse set of stakeholders Software Packages. Advanced analytic software Python, R, SPARK, SAS. Data exploration, visualization, and management. T-SQL, Excel, PowerBI, and equivalent tools. 5+ years of experience in data, data sciences, mathematics, statistics, data modeling, predictive modeling analytics or data engineering.', 'category':'datascience'},
    {'description':'Software Engineering in Microsoft : The Office Engineering Team is looking for a Software Engineer II who is ready to take on challenging projects to advance their career. The position offers opportunities to work across groups and disciplines - with all the impact and recognition that comes with a role of that scope. Our team works with a wide variety of technologies, with a lot of C# and Python for our core infrastructure. We’re leaning in on new technologies like React and Azure Services, in addition to using a smattering of other languages including Objective-C, C++, Perl, and SQL. If you want to experience a large breadth of programming languages working on tools, applications, and services, you’ll be right at home here! In this role, you’ll be responsible for investigating how to solve engineering problems, working on redefining the current systems, planning what the future of Office cross-platform developer velocity looks and feels like, and writing all the tools to make that happen. Qualifications The ideal candidate will have: • A passion for making software engineering more efficient by designing and developing solutions at scale • Unit tested, monitored, and instrumented are your default settings! • Excellent design, coding, testing, problem solving, and debugging skills • Excellent communication, collaboration, and mentoring skills • Experience working across disciplines, groups, and teams • A demonstrable understanding of software development concepts, project management, and good communication • Experience developing, debugging, and maintaining code in any language • Demonstrable organizational, problem solving, and prioritization skills Basic Qualifications: • 2+ years of software engineering experience', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer II (C++) in Microsoft : The Outlook desktop team is looking for talented engineers to help us improve the calendar experience and making it more useful than ever. Our engineers are team players who have great passion for productivity tools and enjoy developing against diverse and complex codebases. Qualifications: Proficiency coding/debugging C/C++ code. Experience with Win32 / COM is a plus. Successful delivery of multiple releases of complex, on-schedule, and high-quality products. Strong customer focus and passion for doing what’s right for the customer. Passionate about working with a strong team on a product with a great history that ships to hundreds of millions of customers. Proactive, with a demonstrated ability to tackle hard problems. Able to work with other developers, program managers and partner teams to design, implement, and test solid technical features. Experience with user interaction and user experiences problems.', 'category':'c++'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer 2 in Microsoft : Skype brings people together anytime, anywhere, and on more devices than anyone else. Our team has built the communications fabric that bridges friends, colleagues, and family with immersive video and high quality audio, content sharing across all your devices, and intelligent bots. With over 25% of the worlds long distance calling flowing over our service in addition to the video, text messages, and rich media being shared across the network, we generate more data than almost any communications service on the net. Thats where you come in.Skype transformed the world by bringing video calling to the fingertips of hundreds of millions of people across the globe. As we look to the future, we are building a team to bridge innovation and imagination with deep data science and analytics to build on our culture of Data and Learning and help us iterate quickly on our products, build on our customers successes, and learn from our challenges. Come be part of the team turning amazing amounts of data into the insights that shape both our team and the products that bring the world together.Responsibilities:Create and manage complete designs that solve classes of problems, enable group of components and satisfy business, customer, engineering and operational requirements.Design and develop key ingredients to big data pipelines like, SCOPE & T-SQL scripts, workflow orchestration tasks, diagnostic interfaces, service layers and other assorted reporting/distribution assets. Create different types of automated tests to ensure high quality bar.Monitor and proactively troubleshoot day-to-day operations.Manage and Develop Data Engineering team members.Qualifications:6+ years of development experience in Big Data platforms is required.  Cosmos is preferred. Â· Outstanding coding skills in C# and T-SQL.Great design and problem solving skills, with a strong bias for quality and engineering excellence at scale.Exceptional technical know-how, ability to quickly adapt to new technology and go deep in new focus areas.Demonstrated ability to drive and deliver features on time with quality.', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer 2 in Microsoft : We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer who is ready to be a part of a team that moves fast, leverages continuous delivery practices, and is centered at the customer experience. This position requires strong collaboration and teamwork across team and organizational boundaries, playing a vital role in engineering services that delight the customer. REQUIREMENTS: Minimum 10 years of experience in middleware technologies. Solid Understanding of Microsoft BizTalk Internals. Solid experience on B2B Integration using Various middleware technologies including BizTalk. Solid Troubleshooting skills. Ability to read, write, configure code, and design end-to-end service telemetry, alerting and self-healing capabilities for platforms. Experience with predictive analysis of service behavior through telemetry. Experience with resilience modeling (failure mode analysis) and ability to automate simulation of service outages for platforms. Experience working with software engineering team members and ownership of translating customer and technical requirements into service architecture to meet Quality of Service Expectations. Ability to work with service teams and own Live Site Reviews and corrective action plans. Experience owning the Service in backlog discussions & standups to establish appropriate prioritization of Live Site requirements. QUALIFICATIONS: Demonstrated expertise in BizTalk, virtualization and cloud concepts. Familiarity & Experience in many of the following: Microsoft BizTalk, B2B Integration, Azure, XML, SQL Server/SQL Azure/MySQL/NOSQL, C#/Java/ .Net PowerShell/Bash. Windows Server/Azure/AWS. Outstanding problem solving skills and passion to solve hard problems as part of a team. Experience in automation, specifically related to deployment, recovery, or other manual processes.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Senior Software Engineering Lead in Microsoft : We are looking for highly enthusiastic, self-motivated and smart engineers who love writing and owning code and enjoy working with people who will keep challenging you at every stage. You have passion for cutting edge technology and deep interest to work in a fast-paced results driven agile environment.High level overview:Senior Software Engineering Lead is a role encompassing both the aspects of technical leadership and people management in a highly matrix organization. This position is responsible for providing overall leadership to the team, setting direction for the team, ensuring all commitments are met and developing strong partnerships with other groups and disciplines globally. This person will lead a team comprising of individual contributors from the software engineering discipline. Technical Skills: Proficient in Web Development and Mobile Platforms. Strong middle tier development (API’s). Should be hands on of the technical deliverables. Very strong software engineering - design, development and testing, experience. Good understanding of design / architectural patterns and automation platforms. Knowledge on Cloud technologies Microsoft Azure or Amazon Web Services, Windows Desktop and Phone application development. Knowledge on data modeling, analytics, data mining and machine learning.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer in Microsoft : Skills (Nice to have): Knowledge on Microsoft Azure technology. Knowledge on analytics, data mining, data visualization and machine learning. Experience working within a global delivery model. Experience with DevOps model including but not limited to Continuous Delivery, Telemetry, Flighting/Experimentation, Test-Driven Development, and Testing in Production. Good understanding of agile development practices. Good experience on Requirement/Design/Code Review & Inspections practices Experience with any of the following testing: performance testing, security testing, privacy testing, accessibility testing, and localization/globalization testing. Experience using structured design and modeling techniques. Total of 10+ years of demonstrated work experience in the Information Systems industry ( Services & SQL/BI ). 6+ years of solid Design/Development/Testing experience using large/complex application using various Microsoft technologies(C#, .NET, SQL Server, SQL/BI, BizTalk, Share Point etc.)', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Senior Software Engineer in Microsoft : We are looking for highly enthusiastic, self-motivated and smart engineers who love writing and owning code and enjoy working with people who will keep challenging you at every stage. You have passion for cutting edge technology and deep interest to work in a fast-paced results driven agile environment. This position requires excellent oral/written communication skills, and the ability to weed through ambiguity and formulate recommendations clearly. Technical horsepower and critical thinking are essential. 10+ years of software development experience with .Net programming, C#, WCF Web services, REST, Security, SQL, MS BI and VSTF\VSO with RM/RMO automation. Proficient in Web Development with at-least 2+ years of hands on experience in Bootstrap, AngularJS, React JS, React-Native and work experience in Mobile Platforms Android, iOS. Strong experience in No SQL, Node.JS, awareness in MEAN stack will be added advantage. Awareness of Azure technologies such as ADL, ADC, ADF, and ADW is an added advantage. Strong skills to write, review unit test cases, automation test cases using tools like Jasmine, Selenium. Strong middle tier development (API’s). Very strong software engineering - design, development and testing, experience. Good understanding of design / architectural patterns and automation platforms. Experience working through the full product cycle from initial design to final product delivery. Strong customer focus and passion for doing the right thing for the customer. Strong cross-group collaboration and influencing skills. Self-driven and ability to work with minimal direction and in a team to research innovative solutions to challenging business/technical problems. Demonstrated ability to work at the tactical and strategic levels of IT initiatives. Certified Scrum Master and\or be able to lead the sprint teams. Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating, and decision-making skills.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Senior Service Engineer in Microsoft :  Taking responsibility for involving resources across diverse teams and organizational boundaries to restore services and mitigate impacts in line with SLA’s• Communication skills are a key component of this role.  Audiences include customers, peers and at times executive leadership.• Software development and automation with one or more languages such as C#, PowerShell, ASP.NET/MVC, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, and T-SQL (has 3- to 5 years of experience)• Troubleshooting skills across network, application, caching, load-balancing and distributed services layers.• Ability to conceptualize a distributed service, it’s dependencies and the transactional flow when troubleshooting.• Practical experience running online systems built on Azure or similar cloud providers• Comfortable designing and implementing solutions for platform and application layer telemetry and monitoring.', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'SENIOR APPLIED SCIENTIST in Microsoft : We’re looking for Applied Scientists who are passionate about leading & pushing forward cutting edge research and technology platforms for natural language text understanding. Strong practical and theoretical knowledge of natural language processing, machine learning, text summarization and deep learning will be a big plus. Your responsibilities would include: Setting up, running and analyzing experiments  Prototyping new approaches and developing new algorithms, NLP and ML techniques such as modelling using deep learning, unsupervised ML approaches and privacy preserving data mining techniques Improving metrics, feedback systems and reinforcement learning techniques  Working with other scientists, engineers and UX experts on the detailed design and implementation of end-to-end solutions, including data-pipeline for machine learning, deployments, performance monitoring and analysis, and continual refinement via feedback loop from real users. Being vigilant about technology trends and scientific developments in relevant areas inside and outside of the company, including attending academic and industrial conferences Partnering with Development teams, Microsoft Research and Product Teams  Mentoring team members and research interns. Required Qualifications:    Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field. 3+ years of experiences in natural language processing and machine learning.  3+ years of experience working in software engineering with any of the following languages: C#, C++, Python, or R. Preferred Qualifications:  Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering or related field preferred Publications in major HCI/ML/IR/NLP conferences would be a plus. Example: CHI, NIPS, ICML, KDD, WWW, SIGIR, WSDM, ACL, EMNLP Awareness and understanding of emerging research and technologies such as Machine Reading Comprehension and NLP Deep Learning approaches. Experience in large scale data mining and cloud computing Analytical, problem solving, programming and debugging skills. Effective verbal, visual and written communication skills', 'category':'datascience'},
    {'description':'Sr Software Engineer, SAP in Microsoft : Job Description:Supply Chain Engineering, is the place for technology professionals who want to be strategic business partners and the first to create innovative solutions - making global impact on millions of customers and tens of thousands of employees using Microsoft software and services.We are looking for people who are passionate about delivering end-to-end services, with high quality, into production. If you a self-starting (SAP) Software Engineer, with a passion for delivering quality and are looking for a place where your abundance of ideas will be welcomed and supported, you may just have found your dream job - helping deliver, robust, quality business applications, by collaboratively engineering our SAP transactional backbone, from the ground up, to meet the specific requirements of our partners, in a constantly evolving business environment.Responsibilities: • Effective systems design and configuration, for our Order Management processes, ensuring they are always positioned to drive high-quality, reliable, systems enablement.• Evaluating existing all inbound and outbound processes & systems, to identify opportunities for savings and improvement.• Execution of work plans to land high-value systems improvements that drive quality and scale, by working with internal and external partners on the design and deployment of systems-enabled capabilities, ensuring functionality, usability & supportability.• Partnering with value stream, Engineering and Architecture colleagues, to identify emerging industry trends and the related SAP technologies/roadmap, ensuring we, always, have a roadmap for process, tools, & technology that optimizes the landscape, for premium Windows devices & accessories.• Team management and leadership -  modeling Microsoft Values: lead by example, leveraging and helping others to be successful. Qualifications:Knowledge, experience and skills:• BS in Computer Science, or related fields• 5+ years’ experience configuring SD, ARM, AIF/BRF in like business environments (implementation, not merely ‘support’), with deep expertise in Order Management – outbound & return.• 3+ years’ experience required in consumer electronics, and/or high-tech industry, and/or consumer packaged goods.• Demonstrated experience and expertise in providing guidance and technical direction to peers as a recognized expert in order management.• A sound understanding of other business technology concepts, including a solid understanding of software architectures, integration technologies and particularly cross-module SAP integration dependencies.• Effective team player including communicating with customers, peers (business & technical), and suppliers.• Broad, functional knowledge, and systems integration, across a SAP ECC / SCM / IBP / Ariba landscape• Familiarity with automation tools - Worksoft Certify, Visual Studio etc.• Proven ability, in a global environment• Strong team building and proven leadership skills.• Personal accountability, and drive, to take on and see through big challenges• Excellent problem resolution, judgment and decision-making skills.• Excellent verbal and written communications skills Preferred, not required:• Formal SAP certification, in at least 1 domain area, preferred, but not required, if you have verifiable configuration experience.• Experience with SAFe, SCRUM, or similar Agile development/implementation methodology• Experience with Test Driven Development, Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment, Telemetry etc.• Software engineering experience in other Microsoft technologies • Understanding of Cloud Computing concepts and platforms• Experience using structured design and modeling techniquesDescribe the ideal candidate (optional) The ideal candidate, will have proven ability (to):• Execute work plans to land high-value systems improvements that drive quality and scale, by working with internal and external partners on the design and deployment of systems-enabled capabilities, ensuring functionality, usability & supportability.• Evaluate existing processes & systems, to identify opportunities for savings and improvement. • Understand the long-term vision and strategies of our WDG business partners, and Microsoft’s broader business strategy• Design and develop high quality solutions with an emphasis on simplicity and sustainability• Independently drive for results and demonstrate the ability to deliver projects on-time, at expected quality• Proven track record of excellent leadership and ability to attract, motivate, develop and retain top talent.• Proven ability to excel in highly ambiguous, organizationally-complex business environments.• Passion for improving the customer, partner and internal user-experience.• Strong cross-group collaboration skills and ability to build credible relationships• Strong negotiation skills and ability to recognize and resolve conflict• Highly developed analytical skills and critical-thinking skills• Excellent interpersonal, verbal, written and presentation skills and ability to distill highly-complex technology projects into understandable and compelling GM-level business presentations• Partner with value stream, Engineering and Architecture colleagues, to identify emerging industry trends and the related SAP technologies/roadmap, ensuring we, always, have a roadmap for process, tools, & technology that optimizes the landscape, for premium Windows devices & accessories.• Understand the long-term vision and strategies of our business partners, and Microsoft’s broader business strategy', 'category':'SAP'},
    {'description':'Python Scripting in Accenture : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : Python Scripting, No Technology Specialty Good to Have Skills : Job Requirements : Job Requirement 1- Require Strong software development in Test/QA Automation role to design, development, support QA automation scripts and BDD using Java/Python 2-Good programming/scripting knowledge in python Oops concepts ,inheritance, classes and objects 3- Must to have knowledge on Numpy and Pandas 4- Pythion Web UI 5-Selenium Development and UFT, API Testing Professional Experience 1- 4 to 6 years of experience 2-Require Strong software development in Test/QA Automation role to design, development, support QA automation scripts and BDD using Java/Python 3-Should work closely with QA and Dev Team', 'category':'python'},
    {'description':'Xamarian in Accenture : Role :Application Developer. Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.Must Have Skills :Xamarin. Good To Have Skills :No Industry Specialty Job Requirements : • Minimum of 2 to 3 years of experience in developing complex mobile applications • Good knowledge and hands on in mobile application development using Xamarin Forms and or Xamarin Native• Good knowledge and hands on of .Net, OOPs concepts.• Good knowledge of MVVM MVC and other Design Patterns.Good Knowledge of memory management, TPL, multithreading.• Should have a basic understanding of UI Design Principles for mobile devices.• Integrate web services developed in REST and good knowledge in Web APIs, Webservices or WCF services.• Help develop quality products and deliver them on schedule.Nice to have knowledge and experience of UWP WPF technologies.• Excellent team player and collaborate with other team members to complete work on timeline with quality• Able to do basic unit testing of the app.Basic understanding on Middleware Database interactions for mobile app development.', 'category':'xamarian'},
    {'description':'Hadoop Developer in Accenture : Role :Application Developer. Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.Must Have Skills :Hadoop. Good To Have Skills :No Technology Specialty. Job Requirements : Responsibilities: 1 Create Technical Design 2 Perform Coding 3 Unit Testing 4 Support System design and Product Integration Test 5 Support UAT and Resolve Post production defects Professional Experience: 1 2 to 4 years of experience in designing/implementing BigData applications Exposure to Pig, Hive , Spark , Oozie, Sqoop is a must 2 Well versed with data ingestion , staging and map-reduce concepts 3 Decent exposure to Monitoring and Deployments and CI/CD 4 Candidate should be strong on Java/OOPS concepts, SQL, with good problem solving, debugging, design and debugging skills 5 Experience in Agile, REST Web services development', 'category':'bigdata'},
    {'description':'Devops Engineer in Accenture : Role :SW/Application Tech Support Practitioner. Role Description :Act as the ongoing interface between the client and the system or application. Dedicated to quality, using exceptional communication skills to keep our world class systems running. Can accurately define a client issue and can interpret and design a resolution based on deep product knowledge. Must Have Skills :AWS Administration,DevOps. Good To Have Skills :Job Requirements : Experienced Cloud infrastructure sysops Azure, AWS, VMWare with the devops skills PowerShell, Python, C, solid programming/scripting in general Preferably formally trained and certified in Azure, AWS, VMWare with operational experience They will lead their respective client deployments, coordinate installation while progressing personally client specific customisations coding as required They need to be independently minded with driver attitude to manage, own and test e2e their deliverables interacting directly with client run team Must be deep technical SMEs that can be trusted to code and execute automations within differing client environments operating with elevated access rights alongside the client run teams Helps manage back-end DB platform, data architecture, data analytics transformation, orchestration reporting They need to be deep technical SMEs, experienced in Data Architecture Analytics: SSIS - SQL Server Integration Services Strong transact SQL knowledge.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'TeraData BI in Accenture : Role :Application Developer. Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must Have Skills :Teradata BI. Good To Have Skills :No Technology Specialty. Job Requirements : A Responsibilities : 1 Ability to work as a part of a team/work independently with minimal guidance B Professional Experience: 1 Good understanding of Teradata Architecture and ETL concepts 2 Should have worked on Teradata utilities like Fastload, Mutiload, BTEQ 3 Proficient in writing SQL 4 Hands on experience in performance tuning 5 Good understanding of Data Warehousing concepts 6 Basic understanding of Unix will be added advantage', 'category':'teradata'},
    {'description':'SAP SD Sales Order Management in Accenture : Role :Application Developer. Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must Have Skills :SAP SD Sales Order Management. Good To Have Skills :SAP SD Delivery Processing. Job Requirements : 1 Roles and Responsibilities a: Basic understanding of all sales related transaction process b: Good Knowledge on Invoice, quotation, sale order, delivery and invoice processes c: Good Knowledge on Pricing, Tax determination process d: Should have good experience in FD preparation and coordinating Build activity independently e: Minimum one new project implementation experience and roll out / support project in SAP SD as a core module f: Order to cash process g: Assist in defining requirements and designing applications to meet business process and application requirements 2 Professional Experience a: FS preparation for new developments, End user manuals preparation b: LSMW and Master data c: Output determination d: Oil and Gas Industry knowledge', 'category':'SAP'},
    {'description':'Core Java EE Design Patterns in Accenture : Job Requirements : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : Core Java EE Design Patterns Good to Have Skills : JavaServer Pages (JSP) Job Requirements : Job Requirements: 1: Responsibilities a:Perform Unit Testing and required QA process to test the software component b:Should work on application development projects and have waterfall and agile SDLC development experience c: Apply knowledge of technology, application, methodologies, process and tools to support client requirements e Should help client in value added activities by introducing automations as needed and deliver the same 2: Professional Experience a:4-5 years of exp in Strong Core Java Programming Debugging skills b: experience in spring framework c: experience in webservices REST/SOAP, anyone ORM technologies d: Hands on in any of the RDBMS flavor e: Good understanding of deployment tools like Jenkins', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Cloud Infrastructure in Accenture : Role Description : Work with the Service Delivery Manager to perform capacity management, billing/showback operations, and cost optimization activities across multiple cloud environments. Must have Skills : Cloud Infrastructure,Strong knowledge of Windows 2003/ 2008, 2008 R2, 2010 operating system Should be able to build, configure, and maintain Windows Server 2012 Hyper-V solutions Adequate Knowledge of MS Patching using WSUS and SCCM Understanding of Storage, Networking and backup devices and troubleshoot network protocols/technologies Basic understanding of server hang /crash dump analysis Experience on the following protocols/components DNS /Active Directory, DFS, DHCP, FRS, TCP/IP, IIS , Windows Server Backup, Failover Clustering for Windows 2003 and 2008 Good Knowledge of Server Hardware/RAID, SAN, Backup Applications Knowledge about Windows Essential Business Server technology Good To have knowledge about LINUX ITIL Process knowledge Good to Have Skills : Technology Operations, Cloud Design and Build', 'category':'cloud'},
    {'description':'Salesforce in Accenture : Role : Application Lead Role Description : Lead the effort to design, build and configure applications, acting as the primary point of contact. Must have Skills : Salesforce Good to Have Skills : No Technology Specialty Job Requirements : JD - Must Have SFDC Configuration Basic and Advanced Experience on Review, Estimations, Solutioning, Change Management Can provide solution on given business scenario and represent to all stakeholders Can understand and articulate technical architecture Integration experience on Third Party, External tools with salesforce Bi-directional Aware of environment management in SFDC Experience on Project Management across SDLC phases Aware or worked on Communities, Sites Implementation Methodologies Agile, Waterfall Experience on Project Management across SDLC phases Client Interactions/Handling Skills Good communication Skills Any SFDC Certification Good to Have Team Handling Experience PD1/PD2 Certification SalesCoud or ServiceCloud certification Veeva or Knowledge and Usage of any App Exchange tool', 'category':'salesforce'},
    {'description':'Application Maintanence in Accenture : Role :SW/Application Tech Support Practitioner.Role Description :Act as the ongoing interface between the client and the system or application. Dedicated to quality, using exceptional communication skills to keep our world class systems running. Can accurately define a client issue and can interpret and design a resolution based on deep product knowledge.Must Have Skills :Application Maintenance.Good To Have Skills :No Technology Specialty. Job Requirements : Role: RPA Support Developer Level 11-SE Skill: - Automation Tool Support Minimum skill requirement: Must Have: Bachelors degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Bachelors degree in computer science, or related field preferred 2 - 3 Years of experience in Application Support Automation Tools Automation Anywhere Minimum of 6 month to 1 year of programming experience Good and Hands-on in core NET concepts and OOPs Programming Understands OO concepts and consistently applies them in client engagements Basic understanding of SQL server scripting Provides day-to-day operational support for Automation Product Issues Includes the Automation performance troubleshooting, access issues, profile issues and general troubleshooting/problem solving Develops and maintains operating processes and procedures Coordinates and monitors troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems; documents system events to ensure continuous functioning Recommends.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Microsoft .NET Architecture in Accenture : Role :Deployment Lead.Role Description :Plan and lead the execution of a comprehensive deployment plan, including work planing, scheduling, budgetting, metrics, training, pilots and resources. Collaborate with all project teams to ensure alignment between all deployment-related activities.Must Have Skills :Microsoft .NET Architecture. Good To Have Skills :ASP.NET MVC. Job Requirements : Responsibilities: a Review and integrate all application requirements, including functional, security, integration, performance, quality and operations requirements b Review and integrate the technical architecture requirements c Provide input into final decisions regarding hardware, network products, system software and security Must have Skills: a Microsoft NET Architecture Good to Have Skills: b Tech Delivery Architecture Professional Experience: a Must have architecture and design experience on architecting mid to large scale enterprise applications b Must have in-depth knowledge and practical experience on applying architecture and design patterns c Must be familiar with enterprise integration patterns and understand their applicability d Must have hands-on experience on latest and cutting edge technologies e Must be aware of architecture and design tools like MS Visio, Enterprise Architect etc', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'Application Architectures in Accenture : Role :Cloud Migration &Implementation Delivery.Role Description :Provide detailed assessment of existing solutions and infrastructure to migrate to the cloud. Deliver migration strategy based on detailed analysis and implement application and data migration activities. Implement scalable, high performance hosting solutions that meet the need of todays corporate and digital applications using both private and public cloud technologies. Deliver legacy infrastructure transformation and migration to drive next-generation business outcomes.Must Have Skills :Application Architectures.Good To Have Skills :DevOps,JavaScript,PowerShell Scripting. Job Requirements : Identify, troubleshoot remediate day to day operational issues that occur on a variety of Automation Orchestration Tools VRAVRO, Migrate Manager, TailFin etcExecute maintenance activities such as patching, builds upgrades as required Create, maintain improve operational SOPs for the Automation Orchestration Team Maintain Improve operational monitoring for Automation orchestration Applications Infrastructure While day to day operational tasks will be your primary role, opportunities to begin learning creating automation will exist Must be willing to work in 247shift BasicQualifications:Bachelors degree preferably in the sciences; computer science, math, etc Minimum 3-5 years of operational experience troubleshooting in an IT infrastructure setting Windows, Linux, network, etc Minimum 3-5 years of customer experience in an IT environmentStrong written verbal communication skills PreferredSkills:Strong problem solving skills,attention to details, and desire to learn new tech', 'category':'devops'},
    {'description':'Zenoss in Accenture : Role Description : Review and integrate all application requirements, including functional, security, integration, performance, quality and operations requirements. Review and integrate the technical architecture requirements. Provide input into final decisions regarding hardware, network products, system software and security. Must have Skills : Zenoss, Nagios, IBM Tivoli Monitoring, Whatsgo Job Requirements : Responsible for further developing and enhancing the use of Zenos which includes server monitoring, reporting, and alerting They will need to have core competencies in the administration, support, and operation of the Zenos platform including Server Application Monitor and Event Handlers for Problem Remediation Design and Implement a Comprehensive Monitoring Solution Using Zenos Provide expertise in setup of reporting systems that meets the needs of our clients Determine monitoring scope and impact Perform cleanup of unused and obsolete elements ,Configure additional alerts ,Determine future capacity requirements Provide expertise to define, monitor, and report on SLAs Provide expertise to detect and verify network faults Provide expertise to detect and verify performance issues and determine the scope of the performance issue Provide expertise to properly configure and monitor NetFlow data Customize web console and custom properties, views, menu bars to meet client business need', 'category':'zenoss'},
    {'description':'TensorFlow in Accenture : Role :Application Developer.Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.Must Have Skills :TensorFlow .Good To Have Skills :Deep Learning. Job Requirements : 1: Job Requirements: a: Methods for acquiring, processing, analyzing and understanding digital images b: Develop algorithms and applications related to image and video processing that perform functions such as object identification and classification Review and integrate all application requirements, including functional, security, integration, performance, quality and operations requirements Review and integrate the Technical Architecture requirements Provide input into final decisions regarding hardware, network products, system software and security 2: Professional Experience Must Have SKills - a: Machine learning exposure b: Deep learning/Google TensorFlow / Python for Machine Learning eg scikit-learn Good TO have - a: Open source ML libraries and tools like Apache Mahout, Apache Spark 3: Educational Qualification a: As per Accenture predefined standards', 'category':'datascience'},
    {'description':'SAP TM Transportation Management in Accenture : Role :Application Lead. Role Description :Lead the effort to design, build and configure applications, acting as the primary point of contact.Must Have Skills :SAP TM Transportation Management.Good To Have Skills :SAP Financial Accounting & OperationsJob Requirements : 1: Responsibilities: a: Responsibility includes functioning as SAP TM Functional resource for implementation project b Consultant responsibility will be primarily to handle Settlement area c Should have good knowledge of Finance, COPA and/or AP cycles d Consultant should have Good communication skills 2: Professional Experience: a:Should have at least 3-5 years of experience in SAP TM and should have worked on at least 1-2 implementation b:Microsoft Office skills would be a great advantage 3: Location : Preferably- Gurgaon', 'category':'SAP'},
    {'description':'SAP Financial Accntng & Oprtns in Accenture : Role : Role Description : Must Have Skills : SAP Financial Accntng & Oprtns Good To Have Skills : Job Description Additional Comments : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : SAP Financial Accntng & Oprtns Good to Have Skills : SAP CO Management Accounting Job Requirements : Design, develop, and configure software systems to meet market and/or client requirements either end-to-end from analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance including testing, to delivery and maintenance of the software product or system or for a specific phase of the lifecycle Apply knowledge of technologies, applications, methodologies, processes and tools to support a client, project or entity Must have Skills : SAP Financial Accntng Oprtns', 'category':'SAP'},
    {'description':'Salesforce Lightning in Accenture : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : Lightning Good to Have Skills : No Technology Specialty Job Requirements : A_ TL Role Development Lead TL Years of Experience 5 Years Mandatory skills Experience on Development using Lightning minimum 3 Salesforce com project Experience working in 1 implementation project Experience working in 1 integration project Specialization in SFA Service cloud or marketing cloud application Experience in developing custom application in Force com Experience designing coding and implementing APEX code Triggers Classes Components etc Visual force components SOQL statements Experience designing and implementing new Sales force objects workflow rules custom layouts and other standard Salesforce customizations Good knowledge of Salesforce com and prior experience adapting it to various business needs Good Oral and Written communication and collaboration skills Experience with technologies supporting SaaS applications including XML Web Services HTML and JavaScript Experience working in Web services SAOP and REST APIs Experience working in Integration Data Loader Experience working in customizations Reports Workflow integrations Experience working in CSS HTML5 is a plus Experience managing project Experience working in Integration Data Loader Experience working in customizations Reports Workflow integrations Good people management skills Experience working with client directly is a plus Experience managing a module or a project with team 5 Proven experience in stakeholder and expectation management Good to have Java Experience or Siebel escript experience', 'category':'salesforce'},
    {'description':'Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS) in Accenture : Role : Role Description : Must Have Skills : Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS) Good To Have Skills : Job Description Additional Comments : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS) Good to Have Skills : Product Development Strategy Job Requirements : Java resource with MQ knowledge is mandatory Technologies: Core Java 18 , Spring Core, Webservices, JPA, PL-SQL Tools: Jenkins, GIT, Junit testing frameworks Others: Good communication and problem solving skills', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'React.js in Accenture : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : react.js Good to Have Skills : AngularJS Job Requirements : 1: Responsibilities 1 Demonstrable ability to build applications in React is a must 2 The candidate must have a technical understanding of the React concepts like diffing, component lifecycle, etc 3 The candidate must be familiar with techniques to write reusable and maintainable components 4 The candidate must be proficient in the use of webpack and npm as a build management tool When needed, the candidate should be able to build custom webpack plugins and/or npm scripts 5 The candidate must be proficient in the use of git, not just as a CVS, but as a tool used throughout build and deployment Ability to use git purely via command-line is favorable for a non-senior role, but a must for a senior role 2: Professional Experience 1 The features of the core Javascript language, as well as new features continually introduced, eg, ES2015 - ES2017 2 CSS, both in how it behaves as a system to apply visual styling, as well as individual behaviors of the commonly used CSS properties', 'category':'meanstack'},
    {'description':'Microsoft FED ReactJS in Accenture : Role :Application Developer Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.Must Have Skills :Microsoft FED ReactJS Good To Have Skills :Microsoft FED Angular Job Requirements : Responsibilities: 1 Demonstrate skills that focuses on the web development using HTML5 markup language 2 Build User interfaces for Modern Rich Internet that will work across devices and standard browsers 3 Have the ability/skills to build reusable code and libraries for future use 4 Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs and optimize application for maximum speed and scalability 5 Should have good team player capabilities to efficiently collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Professional Experience: 1 Experience developing web applications using AngularJS and Angular 2/4 2 HTML, CSS and Typescript hands-on experience to build UI for web applications 3 Experience writing clean, modular, debuggable TypeScript code using external libraries or custom code 4 Providing recommendations on using external libraries, as needed 5 Strong programming skills and OOPS concepts 6 Good understanding of AJAX and JavaScript Dom manipulation Techniques 7 Experience with the Flux/R', 'category':'meanstack'},
    {'description':'Core Java EE Design Patterns in Accenture : Role Description : Must Have Skills :Core Java EE Design Patterns Good To Have Skills : Job Requirements : Role : Application Developer Role Description : Design, build and configure ap.plications to meet business process and application requirements. Must have Skills : Core Java EE Design Patterns Good to Have Skills : JavaServer Pages (JSP) Job Requirements : Job Requirements: 1: Responsibilities a:Perform Unit Testing and required QA process to test the software component b:Should work on application development projects and have waterfall and agile SDLC development experience c: Apply knowledge of technology, application, methodologies, process and tools to support client requirements e Should help client in value added activities by introducing automations as needed and deliver the same 2: Professional Experience a:4-5 years of exp in Strong Core Java Programming Debugging skills b: experience in spring framework c: experience in webservices REST/SOAP, anyone ORM technologies d: Hands on in any of the RDBMS flavor e: Good understanding of deployment tools like Jenkins', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Technical Cloud Architect (PaaS / IaaS) in Oracle :  Successful candidates will have 10+ years of related experience and a dedication to on-going professional development. * Prior experience as a Technical lead/Manager (Sr Engineer/Architect) for medium to large scale public cloud deployment * BS level technical degree or equivalent experience; Computer Science or Engineering background preferred; MS Degree desired.* Industry certifications : Oracle cloud infrastructure-Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Professional, MCSE – Cloud platform and infrastructure, Redhat Certified Architect. * Design and deployment of global, highly available, enterprise-scale global cloud infrastructures* Advanced knowledge of cloud and physical infrastructure concepts, technologies and patterns.* Deep expertise and hands-on experience with Public Cloud (IaaS,PaaS,SaaS) and Infrastructure as Code capabilities* Strong design and hands on troubleshooting background in the following: o Public cloud platforms like: OCI, OCIC, AWS, Azure and GCP etc o Migrating complex, multi-tier applications on cloud o Configuration management (Chef, Puppet, Ansible) o Cloud orchestration (CloudFormation, Terraform) o Cloud Security technology and best practices (Oracle Cloud Security lists/groups, AWS Security Groups, SSO, IAM, WAF, Federated) o Authentication and Authorization technologies (LDAP, Kerberos, AD) o Authentication and Authorization protocols (OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, SAML) o Telemetry solutions  o Proven software development skills in at least one language- Python, ruby, Java o Deep expertise in system networking solutions - DNS,  o Hands on expertise on ELK, Splunk & similar on a public cloud platform. o Experience of backup & disaster recovery options and implementation in the cloud. o Familiarity with industry compliance and security standards including PCI DSS, SOC-1&2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, GxP and FDA.', 'category':'cloud'},
    {'description':'Systems Analyst 2-IT in Oracle : Qualifications/Skills (required):• 3+ years’ experience building and managing server infrastructures • 3+ years’ experience with Linux administration • 3+ years’ experience with writing and debugging scripts (Python, Bash) • Experience in 24x7 service delivery operations • Core understanding of all underlying datacenters service components (IP networking, imaging, DHCP, DNS, SMTP, etc.) • Understanding of the management and consumption of Cloud Services Architectures:  OCI, AWS, Azure, Google, etc • Strong Documentation skills to build technical design/processes • Self-starter, self-driven, self management of multiple concurrent assignments and apply proper prioritization. • Excellent troubleshooting/problem solving skills • Flexibility, adaptability, and a built-in desire to learn MORE and do MORE • Strong affinity for DevOps methodologies and tools • Ability to hold-your-own in conversations about Change Management, Incident handling, SaaS delivery, service architecture • A clear understanding of the difference between a Systems Administrator and a Systems Engineer Preferred Skills:· Service Delivery of a SaaS solution· Excellent knowledge and experience with OEL, RHEL or other clone · Strong systems management and development with Python · Experience with Salt for configuration management · Experience with implementing DevOps theories, methods, and tools • Effectively design, implement, debug and report findings using an industry standard suite of tools (Confluence, JIRA, stash, Artifactory, Git, svn, Jenkins, etc.) and related processes (Agile, Kanban boards, Scrum, Build/Test automation, etc.) • Some domestic and international travel may be required', 'category':'devops'},
    {'description':'System Administrator 4-IT in Oracle : Required Skills:   Extensive experience installing and configuring Linux.  Substantial experience using one or more programming languages, such as, Perl, Python, and C. Able to code to APIs for improved automation, integration, and selfservice. Experience with network device installation and management (primarily, Cisco).  Experience using SDKs.  Experience working with one or more operating system virtualization solutions.  Experience using x86 and/or Sparc hardware.  Must be able to physically install server, storage, and networking devices.Preferred Skills-  Use and administration of configuration management and deployment tools such as puppet, nagios, chef, cfengine, pxe, openstack. IaaS and NaaS.  Kickstart and Jumpstart configuration and administration.  Administration and configuration of code repository solutions such as GIT, SVN, or Perforce and related management solutions such as Jenkins.  Use and administration of Solaris or other Unix variants.  Experience supporting ARM platforms.  Experience using NAS and SAN solutions.  Experience administering InfiniBand. Experience with database management', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Sr. Front-End Web Developer in Oracle : Skills: Minimum of 5 years experience working in a development capacity at a web agency, software company or other web-based business.  Intermediate or better design skills, with strong Photoshop and Illustrator skills.    Extensive knowledge and experience with the Internet and the World Wide Web.    Solid understanding of large-scale websites and web development lifecycles.    Expert skills and extensive experience using JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, HTML, XML, JSON, and JQuery.    Possess an understanding of user experience constructs.    Enthusiastic and self-motivated.    Extremely organized, detail-oriented, able to work to deadlines and multi-task.    Strong interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills.    Skill in documentation, creating and instilling new processes and procedures. Creative problem-solving, and conflict-resolution skills.    Ability to lead and indirectly influence and manage others.    Work closely with vendors, contractors, and global team members.', 'category':'frontend'},
    {'description':'Sr. Cloud Systems Engineer (Microsoft Technologies) in Oracle : Requirements For This Cloud Systems Engineer Include: Strong experience with Windows server administration on an enterprise scale.    Strong experience with Linux (RHEL/OEL, Ubuntu).   Experience in Cloud service providers (AWS preferred).    Strong scripting and automation experience (Powershell, Bash, Python, Ansible, Puppet, Terraform, etc.).    Experience in managing infrastructure/applications build on “Big Data” technologies (Hadoop, EMR, Spark, or Qubole) and web-based services a plus.    Active Directory expertise- including implementation and management of AD, ADFS (Active Directory Federated Services), GPO (Group Policy Management), and user automation.   Creative, proactive, and outside of the box approach to problem solving and utilizing/adopting new technologies.', 'category':'cloud'},
    {'description':'Software Developer 4 in Oracle : Qualification: ·  BA/BS degree (or equivalent) in a technology, engineering or similar discipline ·  5-8 years’ experience in  IT &C Industry, Software Development, Customer Relations experience is preferred · A proven track record of working on or architecting a global IT solutions and applications ·  Experience of Unix/Linux and/or Windows operating system essential ·   Advanced experience with SQL and PL/SQL ·  Advanced experience of Java programming · Advanced knowledge of J2EE (JSF, Servlet, Web Service, EJB) Advanced knowledge with at least one of : Weblogic, Tomcat, Jboss, WebSphere ·   Advanced experience of Oracle ADF or OpenSource frameworks: Struts / Hibernate / Spring / Ajax etc ·       Unix Shell scripting and MS-DOS batch programming will be a plus ·       Excellent written and verbal English communication skills ·       Ability to work to deadlines both independently and within a team environment ·       Complex problem solving and decision making skills ·       Strong analytical and problem solving skills required', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Senior Linux Systems and Automation Administrator in Oracle : Job Description:Responsible for creating and implementing system enhancements that will improve the performance and reliability of computing systems. Implementation of projects, that have direct impact to the success of the business.  Direct customer (Internal Oracle)management, including relationship building, and the sharing of technical expertise.  Experience in handling high profile escalations, along with communications to director and vice president management levels. Operations Department specific skills: ·   Production experience with running services on: ·        Flavors of Linux like OEL, Red Hat Linux ·        Solaris on modern Sun equipment ·        Virtualization technologies (Xen) ·        General UNIX troubleshooting and administration ·        Computer networking (TCPIP, DNS, NIS, etc) ·        Experience dealing with customer relationships ·        Able to work with different internal teams for project work ·        General understanding of relational databases ·        General scripting knowledge using k-shell, bash-shell, or Perl is preferable In-depth knowledge, use and development with Python  Expertise in automation using solutions such as MCollective, Puppet    Outstanding Linux OS and troubleshooting skills ', 'category':'devops'},
    {'description':'Senior Java/ADF Developer in Oracle : Qualification : ·       BA/BS degree (or equivalent) in a technology, engineering or similar discipline ·       5-8 years’ experience in  IT &C Industry, Software Development, Customer Relations experience is preferred ·       A proven track record of working on or architecting a global IT solutions and applications ·       Experience of Unix/Linux and/or Windows operating system essential ·       Advanced experience with SQL and PL/SQL ·       Advanced experience of Java programming ·       Advanced knowledge of J2EE (JSF, Servlet, Web Service, EJB) ·       Advanced knowledge with at least one of : Weblogic, Tomcat, Jboss, WebSphere ·       Advanced experience of Oracle ADF or OpenSource frameworks: Struts / Hibernate / Spring / Ajax etc ·       Unix Shell scripting and MS-DOS batch programming will be a plus ·       Excellent written and verbal English communication skills ·       Ability to work to deadlines both independently and within a team environment ·       Complex problem solving and decision making skills ·       Strong analytical and problem solving skills required', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Senior Java Engineer, Infrastructure Tooling & Automation in Oracle :  Skills Required: BS in Computer Science or 5 years relevant work experience in related field. Good knowledge of the software development life cycle. Solid understanding of database concepts and strong SQL writing and tuning skills.  Solid programming experience in Java, JavaScript, HTML5 and PLSQL. Solid understanding of integration (API) technologies REST, SOAP, Java. Experience with Hudson/Jenkins CI, Maven, Microservices architecture, Kafka, WebLogic, SOA Suite, BMP Suite, SOAP, REST, ExtJS web framework, Linux administration and scripting is a plus. Experience with automation technologies i.e Chef/chef plus, Terraform, Puppet is a plus. Experience working with common IDE’s, version control systems and code review tools, such as: Eclipse/JDeveloper, SVN/GIT and ReviewBoard. Experience integrating functional test automation suites (e.g. Selenium or comparable tool) with continuous integration systems. Excellent analytical and research skills for assessing problems and recommending solutions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for conveying conceptual and technical information, to both technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with designing, developing, implementing and supporting enterprise applications, tools and/or freeware', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Python developer in cisco:this is tarannum from future focus infotech pvt ltd. we happen to see your profile on one of job board. we found your profile matching with requirement. we have an urgent opening for python developer in ahmedabad location on contract to hire basis with one of our reputed cmmi level 5 company. minimum 2 years experience in python 2.7 development, anaconda, & jupyter notebook * should have good experience in using pandas & numpy packages * thorough knowledge of sql and database system design & sql scripting * secondary should have good knowledge of regular expressions * should have sound knowledge in algorithm development * knowledge of postgressql * should be able to work independently', 'category':'python'},
    {'description':'java developer in cient:experience with java development with strong knowledge in data structures, algorithms, design patterns and oop / ooad principles * experience with spring/maven/jersey and building rest apis * familiar with eclipse ide or logical equivalent * expereice on java , j2ee , spring , mysql', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'.net developer in mindtree:design and develop software solutions using .net framework. familiarity with microsoft sql server.  develop, deploy and maintain business applications developed in .net and c#. proficient in writing clean, well-structured code with proper abstraction and reusability using asp.net. end to end design, development, stabilization, and support of asp.net applications.', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'scrum master in globalsoft solutions:leading one or more scrum teams. adherence to scrum process and enforce the rules of scrum for effective development and timely delivery. planning the sprints, prioritize the sprint backlog, lead the teams, manage the development process, identify and eliminate obstacles that prevent the team from achieving their goals and ensure effective communication within/across project teams. grooming, prioritizing and maintaining the product backlog in collaboration with product owner. in-depth knowledge of modern, agile sw development methodologies like scrum and kanban and experience in traditional plan-driven methodologies (v-model, waterfall) would be a plus. knowledge in agile methodology.', 'category':'scrum'},
    {'description':'data scientist for honeywell:must be proficient in python/r programming. should possess extensive knowledge of and experience in applying data mining and machine learning, deep-learning techniques in a professional context. candidate should be expert in handling various data types and structures like structured, unstructured, voice, image and video data, static versus streaming data. extensive prior experience in integrating data, profiling, validating and cleansing data in big data platforms is a must. high level of proficiency in statistical tools and programming environments like r & python, big data platforms like hadoop, spark is a must. exposure to deep learning applications and tools like theano/ torch/ caffe/kera/ tensorflow would be an added advantage.', 'category':'datascience'},
    {'description':'data base administrator in oracle group:strong 3+ year experience as an sql server dba. database tuning for efficiency & scalability. setting & monitoring of sql server replication. a good understanding of database architecture, software and database management systems. a good understanding of the data protection act. minimum 10 years experience as oracle dba including design, implementation, backup and recovery, monitoring, and tuning oracle databases. extensive experience in oracle resource manager is must. experience in oracle db installations and configuration. experience in data archival, purging, retrieval workflows. knowledge in obrm and osiebel systems will be added advantage.', 'category':'database'},
    {'description':'full stack developer in windaas pvt ltd:12+ years of front end web and cloud backend development. expert in html5, css3 and javascript, java or c#. experience with javascript libraries and frameworks such as jquery, angular and backbone. experience with ajax/json and web api integration. experience using nosql databases like cassandra and mongodb.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'ui/ux developer in technosoft:html5, css, javascript, ajax, json, bootstrap, photoshop, illustrator. must have a deep understanding of user experience across different channels with solid experience in developing user interfaces for applications and websites built for large multi-national corporations. must have advanced level knowledge of usability and accessibility testing and should have a sharp eye for finding ux defects on different devices. excellent visual design knowledge. proficient knowledge of ui/ux developer and designing tools.', 'category':'frontend'},
    {'description':'mean stack developer for hinderware:hands on experience of node module like socket, passport, nodemailer. hands on experience in any of the rdbs mysql/oracle/ postgresql. experience of mvc framework like express. git or svn & application performance optimization. karma/junit testing. angularjs 1.x/2.x,mongodb,nodejs,expressjs,excellent in oops and design patterns.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'devops engineer in miracle group:drive the architecture, design, and implementation of automated/continuous build, deploy and release processes using integrated tools in the ci/cd pipeline like bitbucket, jenkins, spinnaker, nexus/artifactory, etc. expand the ci/cd pipeline to integrate with various quality assurance tools, like selenium, dynatrace, etc. automate testing procedures & recurring tasks where possible. develop and report on key ci/cd metrics enabling data-driven decision making. administer jiras core and software, confluence, and formulate technical solutions using jira and associated jira plugins or atlassian products. strong background in linux. strong understanding of agile and the software development lifecycle, specifically design, debugging, testing and documentation. working knowledge of gcp, docker, jenkins, microservice architecture. at least 2 years of experience as an atlassian tool suite administrator: some combination of jira, confluence, bitbucket. familiarity with provisioning and container technologies (e.g. docker, kubernetes).', 'category':'devops'},
    {'description':'testing engineer in tcs:seeking highly motivated individual with 1-4 years experience in software testing. candidates should be be/b tech/m tech,mca/msc and certified course in software testing with good knowledge of automatic testing,  product testing, manual testing & web based testing . we are looking for a candidate who is driven, dedicated, and self-starting. excellent written and verbal skills are required.', 'category':'testing'},
    {'description':'android developer in hsbc:functional knowledge of development patterns like mvp, mvvm etc. basic understanding of aws, firebase, azure is desirable. deep understanding of android architecture, building blocks, lifecycle, apis, framework, and ui design principles. must have a knowledge of complete android ecosystem.', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'ios developer in microware:working knowledge on objective c, swift 4.1, cocoa touch,xcode 3.0 or 4.1 or 4.2. experience with git for source control. must have experience of m-commerce in ios. experience on web service integration (soap, rest, json, xml) .', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'ios developer in mind your fleet:We are looking for an iOS Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications.Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform.Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability.Work on bug fixing and improving application performance.Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.RequirementsAny Tech Qualification (B.Tech, Mtech, MCA)Proven working experience in software developmentWorking experience in iOS development. Have published one or more iOS apps in the appstore. A deep familiarity with Objective-C and Cocoa TouchExperience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core TextExperience with third-party libraries and APIs. working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures,trends, and emerging technologiesSolid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'python developer at ENuke Software Pvt Ltd:Vast knowledge in the following technologies: CherryPy or Flask, MongoDB.Excellent communication skills both verbal and written (English).Focused and self motivatedGreat aptitude and desire to learn.Ability to work in challenging environments.Great teamwork skills', 'category':'python'},
    {'description':'Python Developer at Esferasoft Solutions Pvt. Ltd:We are looking for a Python Developers candidate should have proficient knowledge of Python Django Framework, must have good understanding of server-side scripting languages, Front-End Technologies HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript and JQuery , and Knowledge of Angular is preferable', 'category':'python'},
    {'description':'Senior Java Developer - Spring Boot/microservices at Bangalore Tejora PrivateLimited :We are looking for Developer/Senior Developer having expertise in Java competency and microservices using Spring Boot.Strong experience of Core Java (1.8 or higher) and Spring framework (Core, AOP, Batch, JMS).Demonstrated design using Web Services (SOAP and REST), JMS/IBM MQ and related.  Demonstrated Microservices APIs design experience using Springboot.Strong hold on UML, design patterns and solutioning using the same.Excellent collaboration and effective problem solving skills.Experience of using Git/Bitbucket, Maven/Bamboo, & related tools.Exposure to mentoring junior resources and driving quality outcome working with them.Experience of Continuous integration using Devops.Demonstrable experience in Oracle PL/SQL development and activities like Performance tuning / Optimisation. Good Understanding of Agile Delivery Methodology & experience in working with Scrum teams.Strong knowledge of Payments domain specifically transaction management including integration.', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'php developer at hayat infosystems:CodeIgniter (Must)Core PHP Object oriented programming using PHP (Preferred if they have).Expertise in the Framework (mandatory any one): CI/ Yii/Zend/Cake PHP The candidate must be well versed with MVC architecture (mandatory)', 'category':'php'},
    {'description':'Data Architect - Big Data/ML in Amazon : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS : · Highly technical and analytical, possessing 10 or more years of analytics platform implementation or operations experience. Database & Analytics Systems development and deployment experience, IT systems and engineering experience, security and compliance experience, etc. · Possess significant experience of software development and/or IT and implementation/consulting experience. · Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams. · Executive speaking and presentation skills – formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations. · Ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment. · Implementation and tuning experience of big data & analytics systems including Presto, Spark, Flink, Beam, Airflow or similar. · Track record of implementing AWS services in a variety of business environments such as large enterprises and start-ups. · Knowledge of foundation infrastructure requirements such as Networking, Storage, and Hardware Optimisation. · BS level technical degree required; Computer Science or Mathematics background preferred. · AWS Certification, eg. AWS Solutions Architect, Developer, or SysOps Associate/Professional PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  · Hands on experience leading large-scale global database, data warehousing and analytics projects. · Demonstrated industry leadership in the fields of Database and/or Data Warehousing, Data Sciences and Big Data processing. · Deep understanding of data, application, server, and network security · Hands on experience as a database, data warehouse, big data/analytics developer or administrator. · Experience working within the software development or Internet industries is highly desired. · Advanced technical degrees in computer science, software engineering, or mathematics · Working knowledge of modern software development practices and technologies such as agile methodologies and DevOps.', 'category':'bigdata'},
    {'description':'Sr. Data Architect, Big Data in Amazon : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · BA/BS degree or equivalent experience · 12+ years of experience of IT platform implementation in a highly technical and analytical role. · 5+ years’ experience of Big Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Hadoop/Spark implementations. · Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment. Track record of thought leadership and innovation around Big Data. · Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises. · Highly technical and analytical, possessing 5 or more years of IT platform implementation experience. · Deep understanding of Apache Hadoop 1/2 and the Hadoop ecosystem. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Oozie, Hue, Zookeeper, HCatalog, Solr, Avro). · Familiarity with one or more SQL-on-Hadoop technology (Hive, Pig, Impala, Spark SQL, Presto). · Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). · Current hands-on implementation experience required. · Ability to travel to client locations to deliver professional services when needed.', 'category':'bigdata'},
    {'description':'Software Development Engineer – Java/Python Full stack in Amazon : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS   · Bachelor in Computer Science or related field · 4+ years of experience in software development and full product life-cycles · Excellent coding skills in Java/Python · Experience with relational and non-relational databases; designing schemas · Strong base in object-oriented design, distributed systems, RESTful API design · Exposure to cloud infrastructure and operations - continuous integration, DevOps etc. · Excellent problem solving skills. · Strong verbal and written communication skills. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Masters degree in Computer Science/related field. · Experience with AWS offerings · Experience with UI frameworks - Spring MVC, AngularJS/JQuery · Experience with iOS or Android app development · Ability to successfully deal with ambiguous or fast changing requirements as in the early stages of product development. · Ability to technically lead small to mid-size teams, mentor junior members.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer (Java/C++/Python) in Amazon : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS Basic Qualifications: · BS degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related field · 5+ years professional experience in commercial or web-scale system software development and delivery · Expert skill in a modern programming language such as Java, C, C++, C#, or Python · Understanding of operating system fundamentals (Linux or Windows) · Deep understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures, and algorithms · Proficiency in network, distributed, asynchronous, and concurrent programming · Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle · Passion for technical leadership and mentoring · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  · Preferred Qualifications: · Experience in Agile/SCRUM enterprise-scale software development · Experience developing storage software with knowledge of storage protocols and file system architecture. ·Understanding of storage performance challenges and their solutions · Experience with big data solutions · Knowledge of Machine Learning fundamentals · Familiar with building secure software using modern security principles · Experience building and operating scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems · Experience using Amazon Web Services such as EC2, EBS, and S3 · Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Python Software Developer in Amazon  - AMAZON ALEXA Machine Learning Team in Cambridge, MA : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent · 5+ years of industry experience, including in machine learning projects · Programming in one or more object-oriented languages like Python, Java, C++, C#, Ruby, Objective C · Experience building scalable infrastructure or distributed systems for commercial online services PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Strong sense of ownership, customer obsession, and drive. · Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Objective C, Python, Ruby) and open-source technologies (Linux, SQLite, OpenGL, Spring, Hadoop, Spark, Mesos, Rails) · Experience developing machine learning software and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. · Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills. · Experience in data modeling and analysis, especially with distinctive data sources. · Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices. · Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts. Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment.', 'category':'python'},
    {'description':'Software Development Engineer (Java/Scala/Python Developer) in Amazon - Seattle : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · BS degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related field · 5+ years professional experience in commercial or web-scale system software development and delivery · Proficiency in a modern programming language such as Java, Scala, or Python · Understanding of operating system fundamentals (Linux or Windows)· Understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures, and algorithms · Knowledge of network, distributed, asynchronous and concurrent programming · Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Experience building and operating scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems · Experience in Agile/SCRUM enterprise-scale software development · Experience in NoSQL data modelling and operations · Familiar with building secure software using modern security principles · Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Senior Software Engineer (Java/C++/Python) in Amazon : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS Basic Qualifications: · BS degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related field · 7+ years professional experience in commercial or web-scale system software development and delivery · Expert skill in a modern programming language such as Java, C, C++, C#, or Python · Understanding of operating system fundamentals (Linux or Windows) · Deep understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures, and algorithms · Proficiency in network, distributed, asynchronous, and concurrent programming · Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle · Passion for technical leadership and mentoring · Strong verbal and written communication skills · Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  · Preferred Qualifications: ·  Experience in Agile/SCRUM enterprise-scale software development · Experience developing storage software with knowledge of storage protocols and file system architecture. · Understanding of storage performance challenges and their solutions · Experience with big data solutions · Knowledge of Machine Learning fundamentals · Familiar with building secure software using modern security principles · Experience building and operating scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems · Experience using Amazon Web Services such as EC2, EBS, and S3 · Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment · Team leadership experience', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Data Architect, Big Data in Amazon : BASIC QUALIFICATIONS · BA/BS degree or equivalent experience; Computer Science or Math background preferred. · 12+ years of experience of IT platform implementation in a highly technical and analytical role. · 5+ years’ experience of Big Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Hadoop/Spark implementations. · Customer facing skills to represent AWS well within the customer’s environment and drive discussions with senior personnel regarding trade-offs, best practices, project management and risk mitigation. Should be able to interact with Chief Marketing Officers, Chief Risk Officers, Chief Technology Officers, and Chief Information Officers, as well as the people within their organizations. · Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment. Track record of thought leadership and innovation around Big Data. · Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises · Highly technical and analytical, possessing 5 or more years of IT platform implementation experience. · Deep understanding of Apache Hadoop 1/2 and the Hadoop ecosystem. Experience with tools such as Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Oozie, Hue, Zookeeper, HCatalog, Solr, and Avro. · Familiarity with SQL-on-Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Pig, Impala, Spark SQL, and/or Presto. · Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). · Current hands-on implementation experience required · Ability to travel to client locations to deliver professional services when needed. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  · Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. · Hands on experience leading large-scale global data warehousing and analytics projects. · Strong verbal and written communications skills and ability to lead effectively across organizations. · Deep understanding of database and analytical technologies in the industry including MPP and NoSQL databases, Data Warehouse design, BI reporting and Dashboard development. · Demonstrated industry leadership in the fields of database, data warehousing or data sciences. · Implementation and tuning experience specifically using Amazon Elastic Map Reduce (EMR). · Track record of implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments.', 'category':'bigdata'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer, Android in Google :  Responsibilities: Work with a team of Developers to design user experiences and build applications for Android devices. Participate in architectural review and design, and code contribution. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Qualifications: Minimum qualifications: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of professional experience working in the mobile industry. Programming experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java and/or Python. Preferred qualifications: Experience in computer science, with competencies in data structures, algorithms or API design. Experience automating and scaling web or mobile back-ends. Experience with full-stack or back-end application development. Knowledge of mobile application development in Android and sensing technologies. Ability to learn other coding languages as needed.', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Software Engineer, Payments in Google :  Responsibilities: Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Qualifications: Minimum qualifications: 5 years of relevant work experience. Software development  experience with one or more general programming languages (e.g. Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript and/or Go). Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Experience working in the payments industry and/or with payments-related products. Preferred qualifications: Master’s or PhD degree in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field, or equivalent practical experience. Demonstrated ability to share knowledge via formal mentoring, reviewing code, reviewing design documents, giving technical talks, teaching classes, or as a Consultant on projects. Interest in, and the ability to learn other coding languages as needed. Understanding of payments and mobile commerce products.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Android UX Engineer, Front End in Google : Responsibilities : Build reusable widgets that will be incorporated across varying consoles in order to offer various functionality (e.g. datatables, etc). Build UI components which will be used by the rest of Google developers who contribute to our platform. Implement UIs needed by large customers, while prioritizing UX. Qualifications: Minimum qualifications: Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of Android application development experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience in building user interfaces (UIs) that can scale effectively. Experience with Soy templates, Java, and Material Design. Demonstrated passion for building excellent products with a user first focus. Android App development experience. Fluency in Java and Android SDK. Knowledge of material design standards and principles, including principles of accessibility. Ability to build products that are accessible to all users (inclusive of those with disabilities).', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Software Developer - C++ Development @ Mumbai Bitstreet Technologies Private Limited : Job Description: Unique Job Role Software Developer - C++ Development Reporting Authority CTO. Location: Andheri Mumbai. Qualification: B.Tech/B.E./MCA/MSC-IT/BSC/BCA Position: Software Developer - C++ Development. Experience: 2-5+ years Relevant in advanced C++ development. Responsibilities: 1. building applications that may range from desktop applications to embedded systems 2. design and develop these applications, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure 3. Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C++ code 4. Implement performance and quality modules 5. Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems. 6. Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation. Skills Required:- 1. Strong proficiency in C++, with fair knowledge of the language specification 2. Thorough knowledge of the standard library, STL containers, and algorithms 3. Linux, LibBOOST, libtools, encryption, cryptography, bitcoins and cryptocurrencies 4. Strong understanding of network protocols 5. Knowledge of low-level threading primitives and real-time environments. 6. Good understanding of memory management in non-garbage collected environments 7. Understanding of dynamic polymorphism and C++ specific notions, such as friend classes. 8. Familiarity with templating in C++ 9. Basic Knowledge of docker, AWS and environment setups is required. 10. Implementation of automated testing platforms and unit tests 11. Socket programming knowledge is a must 12. Must be aware of RPC and web server implementation basic', 'category':'c++'},
    {'description':'PHP Developer / PHP Programmer / Software Developer - NSEZ , Noida : Server side Programming : Core PHP (Must). Object oriented programming using PHP (Preferred if they have). Experience into CodeIgniter would be an added advantage. Client Side Programming.  HTML (Must) CSS (Must) Javascript (Must) jQuery (Must) Database design and development MySQL (Must) - Should have idea about writing sql queries, joins, optimization etc. Behavioral Skills: Should have good spoken and written communication skills. Good team player. Additional skills (Preferred, if they have) Idea about responsive design using Twitters Bootstrap. Basic idea about mobile application development.', 'category':'php'},
    {'description':'Software Developer - Asp/.net/sql Server: Client of All About HR Solutions : Skills Required: - Strong in C#. NET, OOPS, MS-SQL Server 2005 / 2008, JavaScript. - AJAX, Productivity tools, Testing Fundamentals. - Data Base design & plsql. - Strong on .NET Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0, Web Services. - Experience with object-oriented programming and n-tier architecture is required. - Experience with Unified Modeling Language diagrams is a PLUS. - Experience in deploying applications. - Strong analytical and problem solving skills. - Working knowledge of .NET Framework, compilations & assemblies, architecture, page life cycle, components and concepts, proficiency in Object Oriented Analysis & Design. - Web Services, Deployment & Configuration, Debugging & Profiling. - Efficient communication skills. Responsibilities: - Excellent coding and unit testing capabilities - Debugging & Profiling - Designing, writing, and executing unit test plans. - Produce quality work, meet deadlines, and manage changing priorities. - Troubleshoot technical issues - Deploying applications and translating projects into Go Live. Mandatory Skill-Set : - Asp.Net, SQL Server, SSRS.', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'Senior Software Developer WIND WORLD (INDIA) LIMITED : Job Description : System analysis and design, writing clear and concise code, translate business models and system documentation into complete and accurate software applications. Develop code for product on given project requirements. Able to execute designs or modifications of moderate complexity software modules with little assistance from others. Carry out the unit testing for a software program. Carry out the Bug fixing for the project. Maintenance support for the product. Status reporting to the concerned Project Managers. Desire Candidate Profile: Expertise in designing and implementing high performance scalable applications in Microsoft based technologies. Should have good IT skills: Programming: C#.Net, WCF. Web Technologies: ASP.NET, Silvelight, HTML, JavaScript. Database: SQL SERVER 2008.', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'IT Software Developer - Devops Resource Weaver : We have Immediate Job Openings for the Position of Software Developer. Location : Hyderabad Qualification : B.E,B.TECH Please go through below JD : 1. Strong knowledge of key DevOps concepts continuous integration and delivery, experience with using a broad range of Azure technologies to develop and maintain an Azure based cloud solution, with an emphasis on best practice cloud security. 2. Deploying, automating, maintaining and managing Azure cloud based production system including monitoring capacity 3. Strong scripting and automation skills. 4. Ability to build environments, databases and import / export data 5. Understanding of Cloud concepts IaaS, PaaS, SaaS Practical hands-on experience on Azure using key services like VM, Azure API, VSTS or Cloud Services 6. Infrastructure Architecture designing high availability, performant and secure solutions using Public/Private cloud. 7. Good communications skills 8. Good interpersonal and teamwork skills 9. Experience with any of the following is appreciated: 10. Development platforms e.g. JavaScript nodejs, .net, Prefers javascript 11. Tools: e.g.: TFS/VSTS, Jenkins, Git, Jira, Ansible, Docker, ELK, Nexus, SonarQube, Ansible. 12. Cloud platforms: e.g.: Azure, AWS, Google Compute Engine. 13. Working within an Agile environment, including the use of Scrum and Kanban', 'category':'devops'},
    {'description':'Software Developer - Agile Development Methodologies - Skillizen Learning Solution Pvt. Ltd. : We are looking for a Software Developer (purely development profile) to build EduTech product. You will be directly working with the CEO & CTO of the company. In this role, you should be a team player with a keen eye for detail and problem-solving skills. If you also have experience in Agile frameworks and popular coding languages PHP, Javascript, HTML, CSS, we- d like to meet you.Your goal will be to build efficient programs and systems that serve user needs. Responsibilities : - Work with developers to design algorithms and flowcharts - Produce clean, efficient code based on specifications - Integrate software components and third-party programs - Verify and deploy programs and systems - Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing software - Gather and evaluate user feedback - Recommend and execute improvements - Create technical documentation for reference and reporting', 'category':'devops'},
    {'description':'Senior Software Developer,Scan-IT : Job Location: Pune Experience: 5 to 8 Years Qualification: Bachelors degree in Computer / MCA / Master in Computer science Responsibilities: Develop a spectacular java web application to support global operation and users around the world. Ensure the quality and integrity of the application by continuous development. Be a part of a young and energetic team and excel in advanced web programming technology.Contributing in all phases of the development lifecycle. Desired skills and competencies: 5+ year experience in Java applications development and Oracle. Should be well versed with Core Java, Java, J2EE, Oracle, PL/SQL, Framework like Spring, Swing, Eclipse, Web services, Maven, GIT, Shell Script. Experience on GWT, RESTEasy framework, jQuery and Linux/Ubuntu will be an advantage.Fair knowledge on Advance Java. Experience in Java version 8 is highly preferred. Fair understanding on Object Oriented language and design in HTML, CSS. Knowledge of PHP and PERL will be an advantage. Fair command of the English language, both writing and speaking. Ability to work in a fast-paced Agile Scrum development environment where deadlines are the norm. Knowledge of Integration tools like Bit bucket, JIRA and Bamboo Writing well-designed, efficient, and testable code.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Developer/senior Software Developer - Java. Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd : Extensive technical experience and development expertise in Core Java, JEE, Webservices, Java Script, JQuery and AJAX.- Good Hands on experience in Frameworks like Struts, spring, Hibernate, - Good Knowledge in JBOSS ESB, JBPM, Jasper reporting, jboss Drools - Good Knowledge in Oracle - Experience working with and applying Design patterns to solve problems.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Developer - .net/vb/linq Client of Softtech Career Infosystem Pvt. Ltd : Experience (mandatory): 3-5 years. Skills / Experience (mandatory): - Experience delivering with the .NET framework using VB.NET, Desktop application, Linq (mandatory) WPF, SQL (fair knowledge). - Knowledge of client side scripting libraries using Javascript/JQuery. - Strong grasp of OO principles - 3+ years of development experience with OO languages such as VB.NET - Strong knowledge of SQL and database technologies Preferred Skills: - Excellent written, verbal communication and presentation skills - Knowledge of financial module/accounting package Education Qualification: B.E. / B. Tech./ B.Sc. IT / BCA / MSC IT / MCA', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'Java Software Developer. Network18 Media and Investments Ltd. : Key Responsibilities: Moneycontrol Technology Team is looking for a  Application Developer with strong technical skills, with a thorough understanding of the agile development process. As a Senior Application Developer you are expected to be a team facilitator and be responsible for bringing the team together to deliver. Key Skills: Key Expertise: Core Java, J2EE, Multithreading. Backend (server application, integration, API) development experience. Exposure to platforms like Linux, My SQL Good working knowledge in open source frame work preferably struts/spring Must have been involved in the entire lifecycle of development of minimum two products (internet-based) preferably in Financial Services domain As a Senior Application Developer drive the Technical team and the Product Owners in an Agile development process. Responsible for enacting Scrum values and practices. Enables close cooperation across all roles and functions', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Senior Software Developer@bureau Veritas Noida. Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services (India) Pvt. Ltd. : Skills/Experience:(BASIC) Should not be the only criteria or keywords to search Candidates. At least 4 years of experience in application development (Java Web/Enterprise). Good understanding of OO techniques. Experience with Architecture and design of complex industrial applications. Good exposure of java,J2EE technologies. (Mandatory) - At Every level. Good Core Java , javaScript, JQuery , Spring , JDBC Strong DB and SQL knowledge. Should be able to write project related SQL by his/her own. Handsome knowledge of Full Stack Development. Ability to define requirements and work in a concept-to-design model. Good communication & interpersonal skills.(This has to be pre evaluated for project leads and Above). (Strongly -Preferred): Experience on understanding Spring- Mybatis (or equivalent), Good knowledge for PL- SQL and Oracle, AngularJs, Anjular, Spring boot, Aspose , Jasper-report , Poi Custom and Business centric API Building Experience ( Mandatory in case of technical Consultant) Domain Experience for SCM, LIMS, LIS, CRM ( Specially in case of Project Lead) Experience with agile software development is an added skill. Knowledge of Design Patterns and tools. Knowledge of tools like JIRA, SVN & Confluence. (Good to have) EDI and Talend ETL tools Knowledge about CSS3/ CCS4, Bootstrap, Font-Awesome,Node.js etc. Hibernate, only in case should have sql writing skills. Onside experience (preferred for 4+ year candidates )', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Developer Engineer - Java/c/c++/c#/javascript Career Maker : - Passion for building scalable, global, complex systems to solve problems with proven ability to deliver high quality software. - Solid understanding of Object-Oriented design and concepts. - Expert knowledge of Java, C/C++ or C# is a must. - Innovative and creative with Web technologies to build high performing websites and web services. - Demonstrated proficiency with AJAX, JavaScript, CSS is a plus. - Self-directed and capable of working effectively in a highly innovative and fast-paced environment. - BS or MS in Computer Science or in a relevant Engineering discipline. - 5+ years of industry experience .', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'IoT & Cloud Software Developers US Technology International Pvt Ltd : Notice Period : Immediate - 20 days Experience - 7 to 17years Location : Kochi Rush your resumes - sandra .priyadarshan@ust-global.com Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience BS in Computer Science or a related field with 5 years of experience in IoT platform development and / or Architecture is required. Masters in Computer Science or related field is preferred. 5 years of expert knowledge and multi-year hands-on experience of IoT & Cloud Platforms as Amazon Webservices, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud or Oracle Cloud Minimum of 10+ years experience in software engineering and development', 'category':'cloud'},
    {'description':'Angular JAVA - Software Developer @ Exfo, Pune - Magarpatta EXFO Electro-Optical Engineering India Pvt. Ltd. : Required skills: Angular, JAVA, Spring We are looking for experienced professionals with minimum 2 Years of experience who can write excellent software. If you have experience of designing, owning and delivering software, as well as excellent communication and collaboration skills, then we want to talk to you. You should have a solid understanding of the software development cycle, from architecture to testing and delivery. You will have a passion for quality and be a creative thinker. You will write secure, reliable, scalable, and maintainable code, and then effectively debug it, test it and support it live. You should be comfortable owning a feature and making decisions independently. This position expects the person to quickly grasp requirements, able to take decisions on design patterns, practices and apply them in implementation, along with support team in technical aspects as and when required. What youll do: Work on latest & diverse set of technologies and domains. Involved in analyzing requirements and gauging the complexity, efforts and volume of tasks. Actively involved in design reviews. Understand the design and implement as per best practices. Will be responsible for solving technical problems or issues faced by team members. Ensuring the quality of code base is maintained. Ensuring that necessary elements are available to enable the project to be used for automation, CI/CD. Active participations in agile processes, identifying the process improvements and driving them. What qualifications you MUST have; Ready to learn and adapt new technologies and domains Strong design and programming skills in Java, Spring framework, C#, .NET Experience of diverse web technologies and frameworks e.g.- Angular 2+, Typescript, JavaScript (ES5+) , CSS3, jQuery, NodeJS, HTML, NPM, LESS, SASS. Strong concept of OOPs and SOLID Principle. Work experience with using design patterns. Experience working on Windows and Linux OS. Experience working with a team of developers to deliver global, highly available, highly scalable services. Excellent communication skills, including the ability to write concise and accurate technical documentation. Solid technical aptitude, problem-solving skills, take initiative, and must have result delivering skills. What qualifications we desire you have? Comfortable in carrying out Proof of Concepts single handedly. Expert understanding of Engineering Excellence processes and requirements.Expertise and knowledge in modern engineering practices (Continuous Integration & Delivery, BDD, TDD, automated deployments with integrated quality gates). Experience with Cloud Platforms like Amazon AWS, Windows Azure Platform, Google Apps. Exposure to Identity and Access management domain.', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Software Developer ( Javascript, Python, RoR, Mobile) (0-6 Yrs.) NORMSOFTWARE : Hiring Frontend,  Backend, or Mobile Developers: Javascript, Python, or Ruby on Rails. Bored at your job? Not here. We do interesting work. Software Developer with 1-2 yrs of Experience. Jetstay Travel Solutions Pvt. Ltd. : Jetstay is a travel startup focusing on building next generation travel portal focusing on B2C and B2B segment. We are looking for highly committed individuals with 1-2 yrs of experience in programming with the below skills. Mandatory Skills: Good understanding of basic data structures and algorithms.     Good understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts. Proficient in in Core Java, Spring, Spring Boot and Hibernate/Spring Data JPA . Experience in building RESTful services using Spring boot. Experience in writing unit tests using Junit and Spring. Proficient in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery . Experience in Angular2+ front end framework and nodejs. Experience in using Git and Maven.  Good exposure to using IDE like IntelliJ or Eclipse or STS. Hands on experience of RDBMS like MySQL or Postgres or Oracle. Strong communication skills. Good to have Skills:     Good understanding of UML and design patterns. Experience in building scheduling jobs using Quartz.  Experience in using RabbitMQ messaging system. Experience in using template engine like freemarker or thymeleaf.  Experience with Continuous integration tools like Jenkins. Experience in using DB tools like SQLWorkbench. Experience in using Profiling tools like Visualvm/JProfiler/JMeter . Understanding of build tools like Webpack or Gulp . Exposure to Agile management tools like Jira/Confluence .Exposure to CSS pre-processors like Sass', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Android Software Developer, Sudnya E-Com Private Limited : must have a knowledge of Material design, Java Expert with experience developing Native Android applications and have the drive to lead. JSON Parsing, 3rd Party API Integration, should be smart in ERROR Resolving and troubleshooting. payment gateway', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Immediate Openings for  .Net Core Software Developer Technogen India Private Limited : Dear Candidate, Greetings of the day. We are Having openings for .Net Core Developer with White Automation Experience : 3 to 15 Years Mandatory Skills :  1 .  Need to have Experience in C# with .Net Core 2 . Need to have Experience in Tsql. 3 . Need to Have Experience in  " White Automation " . Work Location : Hyderabad Client : MNC Company Job Type : Full Time Notice Period : Immediate to 45 Days Interested candidates With all the Above Skill Send me your profiles to Below Email . sindhu.mnv@technogeninc.com', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'Lead JAVA Developer. Readmind Info Services : Overall 10+ years of experience in J2EE Technologies, with hands-on development. experience in building high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications.  Experience in Object Oriented Programming, N-Tier architecture, Core Java, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, Spring, AJAX, JQuery, JavaScript, JDBC, Hibernate, PL/SQL is a must. Experience in ESB (Mule), Eclipse, Tomcat Web Server, WebLogic/WebSphere Application Server, Junit, Mockito, Maven, Jenkins, Sonar is a plus. Fluency in Web Services standards and technologies (e.g., XML, SOAP, REST, WSDL, XSD, UDDI, etc.) Experience in working with US clients a plus', 'category':'java'},
    {'description':'Cloud Migration ( AWS ) Engineer, Readmind Info Services : Experience managing complex, high-value, infrastructure projects . Proven track record of data center transformation and migration projects . Familiarity across the full data center lifecycle from design and planning, to build-out, operations and DC migration . Experienced in managing the delivery of a high-availability infrastructure to support mission critical systems and services. Working Knowledge:   Aws cloud formation Puppet, Chef SaltStack Kubernetes Foreman', 'category':'cloud'},
    {'description':'Hadoop Developer Looking Immediate Joiner in Mumbai Location ASAP Info Systems Pvt Ltd : Dear Candidate, Greetings from ASAP (Team lease Company) We have an urgent opening for a CMM Level 5 Company, kindly read to find more details: - Skills: Hadoop Developer Exp: 3+ Years Location:  Mumbai Notice Period- Immediate joiners / not working candidates are preferred . This is an opportunity for Third Party Payroll and the employee will be deployed at one of our MNC client location.', 'category':'bigdata'},
    {'description':'Python Developer Opening for Nagarro Software, Gurgaon. Nagarro Software Pvt. Ltd : What makes you a good fit for this role: 3 - 4 years of experience in building APIs with Python & Flask/Django. Computer Science fundamentals in data structures, algorithm design, and problem solving     Experience in full stack development (weighted towards back-end)     Experience working in cloud environment (AWS)     Domain of Python & Flask. AWS Lambda functions     Knowledge of GO     Knowledge and experience with Time Series data     Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers     Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for agile software development cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and deployment     Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project     Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. Experience working with high volumes of information    Strong customer focus, ownership, urgency and drive. python, flask, unit testing, orm, django, postgresql', 'category':'python'},
    {'description':'Asp.net Software Developer (1- 3 Year) Bliss IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd.  : Demonstrable knowledge of web technologies including Web/Window & MVC,Asp.net. Knowledge of Entity framework, C#, Asp.net, javascript, jquery, Linq, web services, angular JS, knock-out, WPC, WCF. Should posses good analytic skills.', 'category':'.Net'},
    {'description':'PHP Developer / PHP Programmer / Software Developer - NSEZ , Noida, ProProfs.com : ProProfs.com, a web based product company is looking for PHP Developers. Experience:- 1-3 years Location:- NSEZ, Noida (Sector 82) Server side Programming, Core PHP (Must), Object oriented programming using PHP (Preferred if they have). Experience into CodeIgniter would be an added advantage Client Side Programming, HTML (Must), CSS (Must), Javascript (Must), jQuery (Must), Database design and development, MySQL (Must) - Should have idea about writing sql queries, joins, optimization etc. Behavioral Skills,  should have good spoken and written communication skills. Good team player. Additional skills (Preferred, if they have) Idea about responsive design using Twitters Bootstrap. Basic idea about mobile application development.', 'category':'php'},
    {'description':'Immediate Joiners For Node.js Software Developer For Noida Location HUB4TECH PORTAL SERIVCES PRIVATE LIMITED  : Responsible for the end to end phases of the software development lifecycle including technical research, requirements analysis, high level and technical design, improving user experience, shaping the face of our new products,building internal tools. node.js, javascript, html, angularjs, jquery, mongodb, mysql, debugging, Agile Development, Oracle, Database, Mean Stack, Oracle, DBA, Ember.Js', 'category':'fullstack'},
    {'description':'Immediate Joiner For Angular JS (software Developer)/ui Developer HUB4TECH PORTAL SERIVCES PRIVATE LIMITED : Experience in Angular 2 & above versions. ExperienceÂ with HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery,Â javascript and Ajax are must. Good to have knowledge on SASSÂ orÂ LESS. Knowledge on Typescript,Â nodejs is a plus. LOCATION : NOIDA EXPERIENCE : 2-5yrs  javascript, jquery, ui development, css, ajax, bootstrap, html5, software development, strong communication skills, Angularjs', 'category':'fullstack'}
